TYPOGRAPHY
1. Font size 15-25px for body text
2. Use (really) big font sizes for headlines 
3. Use line spacing 120-150% of font size
4. 45-90 characters per line
5. Use good fonts:
	rather sans-serif
	serif good for long reading
	Font examples from Google Sans serif: Open Sans, Lato, Raleway,Monsterrat, PT Sans
	Serif: Cardo, Merriweather, PT Serif
6. Choose a font that reflects look and feel of your website
7. Use only one font

HOW TO CHOOSE A FONT
1. C
2. Decide Sans serif or serif typeface
3. Use a good font
4. Use only that typeface

COLORS
1. Use only one base color
2. Use a tool for color combinations
3. Use color to draw attention
4. Never use black in your design
5. Choose colors wisely

PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSOCIATIONS
RED is a great color to use when power, passion, strength and excitement want to be transmitted. Brighter tones are more energetic and darker shades are more powerful and elegant.
ORANGE draws attention without being as overpowering as red. It means cheerfulness and creativity. Orange can be associated with friendliness, confidence, and courage.
YELLOW is energetic and gives the feeling of happiness and liveliness. Also, it associates with curiosity, intelligence, brightness, etc.
GREEN is the color of harmony, nature, life and health. Also, it is often associated with money. In design, green can have a balancing and harmonizing effect.
BLUE means patience, peace, trustworthiness, and stability. It is one of the most beloved colors, especially by men. It is associated with professionalism, trust and honor. That's actually why the biggest social networks use blue.
PURPLE is traditionally associated with power, nobility and wealth. In your design, purple can give a sense of wisdom, royalty, nobility, luxury, and mystery.
PINK expresses romance, passivity, care, peace, affection, etc.
BROWN is the color of relaxation and confidence. Brown means earthiness, nature, durability, comfort, and reliability.


USE TEXT WITH IMAGES
1. Put text directly on the image
2. Overlay the image with color (or gradient)
3. Put your text in a box
4. Blur the image
5. The floor fade

WORKING WITH ICONS
1. Use icons to list features/steps
2. Use icons for actions and links
3. Icons should be recognizable
4. Label your icons
5. Icons should not take a center stage
6. Use icon fonts whenever possible

SPACING AND LAYOUT
1. Put whitespace between your elements
2. Put whitespace between your groups of elements
3. Put whitespace between you website's sections
4. Define where you want your audience to look first
5. Establish a flow that corresponds to your content's message
6. Use whitespace to build that flow

